Censo (planilla.numero, planilla.fecha, encuestado.edad, encuestado.sexo,
encuestado.ing-mensual, encuestado.profesion, encuestado.niv-instruc,
encuestado.num-ci, encuestado.nombre, jgfamiliar.nacimiento,
jgfamiliar.forma-cobro, jgfamiliar.trabaja, jgfamiliar.dedic-actual,
jgfamiliar.mail, jgfamiliar.tel.cel, jgfamiliar.tel.hab, jgfamiliar.tel.of,
sit-comunidad.ventajas, sit-comunidad.desventajas, comunidad.nombre,
comunidad.dir.numero, comunidad.dir.calle, sector.nombre, municipio.nombre,
parroquia.nombre, estado.nombre, sit-laboral.tarjeta, sit-laboral.cesta-ticket,
sit-laboral.cta-banco, sit-laboral.ing-familiar, sit-laboral.com-casa,
sit-laboral.clase-trabajo, vivienda.mascotas, vivienda.plagas,
vivienda.cond-salubridad, vivienda.enseres, vivienda.mat.techo,
vivienda.mat.paredes, vivienda.terr-propio, vivienda.tenencia, vivienda.tipc,
vivienda.ocv, servicios.serv-comunales, servicios.rec-basura,
servicios.transporte, servicios.medios, servicios.telefonia,
servicios.electricidad, servicios.gas, servicios.aguas-servidas,
servicios.aguas-blancas, salud.hist-familiar, salud.requiere-ayuda,
sit-exclucion.tercera-edad, sit-exclucion.discapacitados,
sit-exclucion.enf-terminarles, sit-exclucion.indigentes,
sit-exclucion.ni√±os-calle, part-comuni.propia, part-comuni.familia,
part-comuni.existen-oc, part-comuni.admin-rec, part-comuni.constitucion,
part-comuni.sabe, part-comuni.apoya, part-comuni.area, part-comuni.misiones)